add :iput ex command (#16886)
vim/vim: runtime/doc/change.txt

:[line]pu[t]! [x]	Put the text [from register x] before [line] (default
			current line).

> 							*:ipu* *:iput*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
							*:ip* *:iput*
```

> :[line]ipu[t] [x]	like |:put|, but adjust indent to the current line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:[line]ip[ut] [x]	like |:put|, but adjust indent to the current line
```

> :[line]ipu[t]! [x]	like |:put!|, but adjust indent to the current line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:[line]ip[ut]! [x]	like |:put!|, but adjust indent to the current line
```
